[charts] Accept component in `labelMarkType` (#16739)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/legend/legend.md

{{"demo": "LegendMarkType.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": "playground"}}

> #### Custom shapes

Reviewer: Might be too edge case to mention, but the reason the default shapes are HTMLs with SVGs inside is to make gradients/patterns work out of the box. If you provide a purely HTML element they won't work.

Reviewer: Yep https://deploy-preview-16739--material-ui-x.netlify.app/x/react-charts/styling/#gradients-and-patterns

Author: Added a warning 👍

{{"demo": "LegendMarkType.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": "playground"}}

#### Custom shapes

For more advanced use cases, you can also provide a component to the `labelMarkType` property of each series to fully customize the mark.

{{"demo": "LegendCustomLabelMark.js" }}

Passing a component to `labelMarkType` affects not only the legend but other places where the label mark is shown, such as tooltips.

Customizing the mark shape of a pie chart depending on the series is slightly different. You can find how to do it in [this example](/x/react-charts/pie-demo/#pie-chart-with-custom-mark-in-legend-and-tooltip).

> Please note that using HTML elements for `labelMarkType` may make the legend incompatible with [gradients and patterns](/x/react-charts/styling/#gradients-and-patterns).

Reviewer: I would word it more positively like:

```suggestion
To ensure compatibility with [gradients and patterns](/x/react-charts/styling/#gradients-and-patterns), consider using SVG instead of HTML in the `labelMarkType`.
```
